Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[traffic din]
[Alex]
When I was very young.
Sometimes I'’d lay
in bed at night...
and imagined that my family
turned into monsters
when I fell asleep.
Listening to the hum
of urban traffic
outside my window.
I could picture them
having wild revelries.
sure to explode
my 8-year-old mind.
And. of course. there was
a thoroughly logical belief
that they were fattening me up
just to eat me.
Even now.
at the ripe old age of 16.
I still catch myself
asking the same old question.
Who are you people?
And lately.
rather than recede.
that question
only gets louder.
Consider my father.
He's a shark litigator.
who simultaneously craves
both the nobility of laboring
for the disenfranchised
and the splatter of blood
from those who dare oppose him.
Perhaps that's why
his emotional
communication switch
is permanently stuck
on "yell."
Alex. come on.
You're going to
be late for school.
Jesus H. Christ.
[Alex] Especially
when reminded that
his 16 year old daughter
actually looks 16.
[Carey] Does no one
wear clothes anymore?
[sighs]
[Alex] My mother.
meanwhile. enjoys smiling.
She works in PR.
which is by its very nature.
the most superficial
of superficial professions.
Still.
-it plays to her strength.
-Good to see you.
[Alex] Switching
from externalized jubilation
to world class detachment.
Judith Fixel.
[Alex] Publicly.
there's a direct correlation
between said detachment
and dead eyed
Cheshire cat grinning.
Privately. that detachment
takes a different form.
[Judith] Yeah. Carey and I
are taking the girls
to visit his mother.
Oh. yes.
A joy it shall be.
But when we get back.
let's make a night of it.
Okay. Okay. Bye.
[Alex] Not a monster'’s roar.
Do you have
to do this right here?
You're going to ruin
my floors.
[Alex] Something quieter.
What do you think
of the painting?
A reminder
that when she's around me.
she's never quite there.
Your principal called.
You're failing
pre-calculus.
[Alex] She loves
my sisters. though.
Their existence is basically
a family creation myth.
Daddy.
tell the story again.
Uh. Mommy and I wanted to
have more babies.
We tried
for years and years.
[all] And years and years
and years and years.
-And we saw so many doctors.
-[Carey] Oh!
And then
we saw this one doctor.
who took these teeny
little things called embryos.
and they put that inside me.
-Ew.
-[Judith] Mm-hmm.
And then we found out
we weren't going to have
just one baby.
We were going to have
two babies.
And that's how we got
you pair of chuckleheads.
[Alex]
Maybe they're just easier.
What about Alex?
Yes. What about me?
You were no trouble.
[Alex] On some level.
I wonder whether
I keep silently asking
and re-asking
that fundamental question
of just
who you people are.
Because every moment
they seem to be asking
the same question of me.
Are you going to call in
-a guidance counselor?
-Dude.
[he chuckles]
I'm really impressed
with your writing. though.
[groans]
No. I should have stuck
to Holden Caulfield's ducks
and spared you my angst.
It's horrible.
Nothing about you
is horrible. Alex.
Rohan. I--
I literally have one friend
left over from kindergarten
and she doesn't even go here.
Hence your charity lunches.
Your place
in the social pecking order
forever undefinable.
This. too. shall pass.
Trust me.
It's hard to believe
I ever went through
the same thing. right?
Uh. It's super easy
to believe.
-You are a total nerd.
-[he chuckles]
Every weekend.
I set aside six hours.
just for my book.
Just to write.
I think you should try it.
Maybe you can
discipline yourself
to write something
not so horrible.
Okay. so.
let's write together.
This Saturday.
Oh. um. Alex. I don't know
if that's appropriate.
Rohan. calm down.
We'’re friends. right?
Okay.
Um. but right now.
it's not Rohan. it'’s--
Mr. Amira. Got it.
[Rohan exhales]
All right. guys.
Let'’s talk about
these ducks. huh?
So. wait.
You didn't have sex with him?
No. his Mom was.
like. in the next room.
Are you sure it wasn't because
you're afraid of herpes?
Because if it's herpes.
I totally get it.
I'm terrified of herpes.
Can you please
stop saying herpes?
Yeah. it travels through
your saliva or your skin...
and it doesn't even matter
if you use a condom.
because it's just
spreading out there.
all over the place
all the time.
-Mm-hmm.
-And it never goes away.
because it lives
in your fucking spine.
It'’s literally all we talk
about in bio is. like...
disgusting
genitalia scare tactics.
And herpes aside.
you still have to be. like.
way up in their face
with. like.
all their pimples
and blackheads and nose breath
and whatever
they fucking ate for lunch.
-It'’s disgusting.
-Okay.
Now all I am thinking about
is if he has herpes.
-Good.
-Okay. look.
You just need to
find someone.
Anyone at your school
and just do it already.
Your vag is not some
sort of sacred temple.
-[Alex] Okay!
-It'’s just a vag.
[Alex] Whatever.
[Nancy] Or I don'’t know.
Get your mom to hug you.
Funny how you say I'm going--
You are goddamn well going.
-My stomach hurts.
-It's gonna be okay.
Grandma always
looks at me like I'm fungus
and then asks
if I have a boyfriend.
I'm telling her I'm gay.
-You're not gay.
-Maybe I am.
Oh. are you coming out?
No.
I'm just not going
to grandma'’s.
Carey. It'’s okay.
She doesn't have to go
if she doesn't want to go.
If she's in a mood.
then it's not worth it.
-Come on.
-Thanks a lot.
[Judith] You okay. baby?
Where does it hurt?
[mellow
contemplative music plays]
[doorbell rings]
-[Alex] Just through here.
-[cell phone ringing]
Hey. so.
where are your folks?
Oh. they're visiting
my grandma.
-Oh.
-[ringing stops]
There'’s a coffee shop
down the street.
Maybe we should
just go there.
You're a tea person. right?
Uh-huh.
So.
what's your novel about?
[Rohan] Well.
it's kind of complicated.
but it's about soldiers
in World War One.
Write what you know. right?
[she laughs]
-What?
-Uh. nothing.
Continue.
Okay.
So. it's about the first
Indian soldiers that show up
-at the Western Front.
-Yeah.
And it's about
their experiences.
the cultural dislocation.
-[Alex chuckles]
-It's not a comedy.
Oh.
[Rohan] Yeah.
Never heard you talk
about your work before.
-It'’s so cool.
-Oh!
-Alex. come on.
-Oh. I'm not a virgin.
Look. I'll just
see you on Monday.
-okay?
-Hey. Rohan.
-You good?
-Yeah.
[emotional music
plays on speakers]
[Alex whimpers]
[tense music plays]
[Judith talks indistinctly]
[Carey] Alex!
Rose got sick.
so we turned--
Oh. my--
[Carey] Jesus.
Are you okay?
-[Alex] Yeah.
-[Carey] Really?
You okay?
Are you sure?
What kind of fucking teacher
hangs out with his students?
What the hell
is he doing here?
-Calm down.
-[Carey] No.
He's a grown man.
you're 16!
He'’s lucky
I don'’t murder him.
You want to explain what
the fuck he was doing here?
[Judith]
Okay. you are the adult.
[Carey]
I am the adult!
You know
who'’s not the adult?
Alexandra Fucking Fixal!
[somber music plays]
[sighs]
[Carey] This is very
difficult to explain.
What's his name?
Rohan? Amira?
We should press charges.
We have a-- we have a--
a moral obligation. right?
We should sue
the whole school.
[Judith]
She invited him here.
[Carey]
That's beside the point.
I just don't think
I'll ever understand
what would possess her to do
something
so aggressively stupid.
Okay. Okay.
But you made your point.
-So let's just drop it.
-[Carey] Okay.
[Carey sighs]
Well. we certainly know
she didn't get
this bullshit from me.
[tense music plays]
Wait. I-- I did not mean
-to say--
-Yeah. you did.
[footsteps departing]
Judith.
I said the wrong thing.
♪
Hey. Mom?
-Sorry.
-You scared me.
[Judith sighs]
Alex.
you need to be careful.
There's enough
trouble out there.
without you going
to look for it.
I wasn't looking for trouble.
I knew what I was doing.
Y-- you brought
a strange man into our home.
He wasn't strange.
-I knew him.
-You don't know a fucking thing.
[Judith exhales]
Okay. you know what?
It's been a long day.
What were you looking at?
I think we should both
get some sleep
before we go
another round.
♪
[school bell rings]
[Mrs. Rumble] All right.
I am Mrs. Rumble.
your sub.
And it looks like
we are finishing up
Catcher in the Rye.
-[girl] Jailbait.
-[class snickering]
[Mrs. Rumble] Who actually read
the book from the SparkNotes?
Excuse me?
What'’s her name?
[class] Ooh! [laughing]
[somber music plays]
Mom?
Dad?
♪
[Alex] "Dear Judith...
I haven't expected you
to respond
to my letters before.
and I don't expect it now.
either.
[Karl] Truthfully.
I don't know what I'd say
other than I'm sorry
for what happened
a few months ago.
How things
between us ended.
and how they never
should have begun.
I'm back
in Washington now.
so you don't have to
worry about seeing me.
I imagine you never want to
see me again...
and I don't blame you.
I never want to
see me again. either.
It's unfair to tell you
I think about you.
but I do.
Karl."
[Judith] Alex?
Coming.
[Carey]
We need to talk to you.
So. um.
I have a question.
Not now.
Park it.
Okay.
So. um. I read this--
We'’ve arranged
for you to start
boarding school
next week.
[tense music plays]
[Alex]
They'’re liars.
Like. legit liars.
both of them.
[scoffs] And now
they got their excuse
to ship me
to boarding school.
They can finally
get rid of me.
Okay. you don't even know
what this letter means.
It is from six months
before I was born.
That's a fucking
coincidence now?
Plus. all those
fertility treatments
for the twins?
Carey shoots blanks.
Okay.
well. this Karl guy
could be. like.
a serial killer.
How many serial killers
seem that contrite
about home-wrecking?
I don't have a lot of experience
-with serial killers. Alex.
-He was like an artist. right?
Maybe my mom had
an affair with him.
she wasn't so.
like-- her.
Well. they could just
look at your Insta
and know
that you're lying.
[Alex] Then I'll delete it.
good fucking riddance.
-Hey.
-Listen.
I've known
Judith'’s password
since I set up
her PayPal account.
After they drop me off.
I'll just email the school
something like. "My husband
and I have reconsidered
Alex's enrollment
and have opted to place her
in a private school
here in Portland.
We're sending a family friend
to retrieve her tomorrow.
Feel free
to contact my direct line
with any questions
or concerns."
[woman sighs]
[Nancy] And what if
they email her back?
Then I will block their email
on Judith's account.
-I get creative. Nancy.
-What if they call her?
-What then?
-[Alex] Judith Fixel.
Hello. yes.
I understand we need to
forfeit the tuition paid.
We made a huge mistake
and we feel the need
to keep Alex close to us.
You're going
to the bus station. right?
Uh. yeah.
[Nancy] So you've. like.
already stalked him?
[Alex] Yeah. I already have
his address and stuff.
Okay. whatever.
Le-- let's just say
that this works.
Are you sure
you don't just. like.
want this Karl guy
to be your dad?
What. like. everything's just
going to magically make sense?
I mean.
what if he just...
Sucks?
[Alex] Well.
I'’ll have to find out.
Right?
[contemplative
piano melody plays]
[knocking on door]
Yes?
Um. I'’m looking for
Karl Hendrix.
Karl. there's somebody
here to see you.
So are you his girlfriend or?
-Cousin. I'm his cousin.
-Oh! Yeah.
Hello.
I'm Alex.
Alexandra.
Judith'’s kid.
Judith?
[dog barking in distance]
Why don't you come in?
Um. could you just
give me a moment. please?
-Yeah. Yeah. yeah. yeah.
-Thanks.
-[Karl] That's my--
-[Sarah] I know.
It's gonna be all right.
♪
I need to talk
to your folks.
All right. Yeah.
[dial tone beeps]
[elevator dings]
Did it work?
-Hi. Mom.
-W-- what? Mom?
Yeah. I got here okay.
[Nancy] Uh. Alex.
what are you talking about?
Sure. Yeah.
He was really surprised.
[Nancy]
I-- I'’m not your mom.
Yeah. I love you too.
-[Nancy] Alex!
-The phone.
[Nancy] You said
this wouldn'’t come back on me.
Where are you putting me
in the middle of this?
Why are you doing everything
that you said you wouldn'’t--
Hello. am I speaking
to Alex's mother?
[Nancy whimpers]
Hello?
Why did--
why did she hang up on me?
Oh. um. she didn't want to
talk to you.
She said you'd understand.
-Excuse me?
-Uh. where did he go?
[Sarah exhales]
Your mother
didn't tell him about you.
Well. I'’m-- I'’m here now.
How about you stay
for dinner?
You're not eating anything.
Oh. it's so good.
Um. I just- I'’m a vegetarian.
Oh.
See. when I was three.
my parents took me
to this barbecue
and someone
offered me a hamburger.
And I asked my.
uh. my dad. um.
"Where does
hamburger come from?"
And he said. "Well.
it comes from the cow."
And I said. "You mean the cow
makes it like it makes milk?"
Because I just
learned that about milk.
And he said. "No. Alex.
the cow is the burger."
So. then.
little me ran around.
saying to everybody.
"How would you feel
if the cow ate you?"
Which is probably the proudest
my dad's ever been of me.
because he thought
I'd be a lawyer.
-Your dad's a lawyer?
-[Alex] Yeah.
An ode
to liberal hypocrisy.
And you're a mechanic?
How long have you been
a mechanic for?
About eight years.
Do you like it?
-[Karl sighs]
-[Sarah] Karl.
So how did
you and my mom meet?
So were you. like.
apprentice mechanicing
when you met her.
or how exactly does--
I think
you should head home.
I didn'’t ask
for a daughter.
I don'’t want
some kid running around.
Listen.
you don't have to
-worry about me.
-Go!
Wow. um. I'm-- I'm so touched
by your enthusiasm
to meet the fruit
of your loins.
Nice to fucking meet you.
[sobs] Fuck!
Come inside.
It's freezing out here.
I'’ll just find
a motel or something.
-It's fine.
-Don't be silly.
You'll stay here
and I'll make up
the guest room.
You just caught him
off guard. is all.
-Yeah.
-Good. Let's go.
[Sarah sighs]
[mellow piano melody plays]
[indistinct praying]
♪
[birds chirping]
[car door slams shut]
[engine rumbles]
-Hi.
-Good morning.
Uh. where did Karl go?
He had an appointment.
[clicks tongue] Oh.
We were thinking
that it might be nice
if you stayed for a while.
Give you both a chance
to get to know
each other a little?
We?
[Sarah] Yes.
Well. I have to
go to school.
I teach the third grade.
Karl will be back from work
at six.
Dinner is at seven.
Um. so. I
guess that means
you should just
make yourself at home.
[door clicks shut]
[upbeat melody plays]
Hello?
Karl?
What are you doing here?
I wanted to see
where you work.
Okay. well.
you've seen it.
[light thumping]
[melancholy
piano melody plays]
[thumping resumes]
Sorry.
Didn't mean to spy.
What exactly
do you want from me?
-[Karl grunting]
-[Alex] I don'’t know.
Uh. get to know you
or something?
Look...
I'm sorry your mom
didn't tell you about me.
She didn't tell me
about you. either.
But I don't want
you sticking around.
expecting something
that's not going to happen.
-[thumping resumes]
-[Karl panting]
What's so bad about me?
[chuckles]
What?
Just-- I'm your kid
and you can't even look at me?
[scoffs]
♪
[grunting and panting]
-Give it!
-No!
-It'’s mine!
-No. it'’s not!
-[Carey] Hello?
-[Rose] No!
-[Eliza] I had it!
-[Rose] No.
Hey. Alex.
[Rose] It was mine.
-[Eliza] No. it was on my bed.
-What's wrong?
Nothing. Dad. Hi.
[Carey]
Hey. guys. Guys. guys.
Can you please quiet down.
so I can figure out
how to turn this thing on?
-Uh. hit input.
-I hit input.
-[indistinct talking on TV]
-Oh. look at that.
Great job. kiddo.
Yeah. I'm like
the Swiss Army Knife of humans.
[laughing]
[Alex]
Um. I was wondering
if maybe this. like.
whole boarding school thing
was a mistake?
Maybe I should come home?
I can navigate
the hell out of the television.
We talked about this. kid.
Yeah. you're right.
[Carey] So...
how'’s school?
Food's edible.
My roommate has
night terrors.
Made out
with the headmistress.
-Couldn'’t resist.
-Jesus Christ. Alex.
Why do you ha--
[muffled classical music plays]
♪
Is that a model airplane?
Uh-huh.
What are you. like. seven?
In 1952?
What are you listening to?
Jupiter Symphony.
[Alex] Hm.
That'’s charming.
You're not a fan?
I just hate
how everyone acts like
classical music
is so amazing
just because
a bunch of rich old people
get off on flaunting
their cultural superiority
to the rest of us plebeians
with our simple tastes.
Rich old folk like me?
I didn't--
I didn't mean you.
There was a lot of junk...
but that's not what survived.
This is Mozart.
Mathematically perfect.
No note out of place.
Very clean.
Everything in perfect order.
Now. Beethoven.
Beethoven was more emotional.
more dangerous.
There was order. sure.
But. uh...
not like Mozart.
Who do you like better?
They weren't competing.
Beethoven grew up
listening to Mozart.
They were both masters.
Yeah. but whose music
do you like better?
Mozart.
♪
It's Sunday!
Time for church.
[Alex groans]
Come on.
Let's go.
You know I don't believe
in any of that stuff.
I know.
I don't care.
Get ready.
[Alex groans]
I'’m culturally Jewish.
[sizzling]
Morning.
-Would you like some?
-[Alex groans]
Bacon is one
of life's great pleasures.
And what about Jesus?
Yes. bacon and Jesus.
This vegetarian
thing of yours...
-it's not going to last.
-[Alex groans]
[bell tolls]
Have you always
gone to church?
She goes. I go.
You go there.
It's not what you did or...
who you used to be.
It'’s focusing
on who you are now
and who you're going to
be tomorrow.
What?
Uh. nothing. you'’re just--
you'’re just one of those.
-One of what?
-[Alex chuckles]
Like a born-again
that talks about
how awesome religion is
all the time.
You're going to
move back to Israel?
[chuckles] Why Israel?
For the rapture. you know?
Jews all go--
[Alex] The rapture?
Are you kidding me?
Please tell me
you're joking right now.
-Gayle. How are you?
-Oh. you know.
Grading papers.
living large.
You remember my cousin. Karl?
Oh. yeah.
the famous mechanic.
-Hi. Karl.
-Hi.
-And this is Alex.
-Hey.
-Nice seeing you.
-Likewise.
All right then.
Shall we?
♪ Amazing Grace ♪
♪ How sweet the sound ♪
♪ That saved a wretch ♪
♪ Like me ♪
♪ I once was lost ♪
I need to go
to the bathroom.
♪ But now I'’m found ♪
♪ '’Twas blind ♪
♪ But now I see ♪
[Arthur] Wanna smoke?
No thanks. I quit.
You Juul?
Uh. nope.
You know I don'’t.
like. bite. right?
So. uh...
who are you?
I'm Sarah Kelly's cousin.
I'm living with her and Karl.
-I'm Alex.
-Okay.
Arthur.
P.S.. no one
ever really quits.
they're just
lying to themselves.
Where are you from?
[coughing]
Portland.
[Arthur] You left Portland
to come here?
What the fuck
is the matter with you?
-So. so much.
-[Arthur chuckles]
Well. uh. what do you think
of our heavenly church?
Uh. religion is almost
as dumb as astrology.
Yeah. but an astrologist
won't call you
a god-defying faggot.
Then why do you come here?
Because my parents
fucking make me.
Don'’t your parents
make you do shit?
-Uh. they try.
-[both chuckle]
-[Arthur] What's your Insta?
-Deleted it.
-Deleted all of the apps.
-Oh.
I'm pretending
my life is amazing
or complaining
that it isn't.
Either way.
incredibly depressing.
You said you're staying
with Karl Hendrix. right?
Oh. yeah. I see it.
Do you know him at all?
Uh. not really.
but I heard he got loaded
a couple of years ago
and put his fucking fist
through a window.
I don't know.
Would you want to
maybe get out of here?
I should probably
go back inside.
Bye. Arthur.
Bye. Alex.
Here we are.
Again.
You really know
how to fix these things?
Otherwise
I'd be lying to people.
So. who is Mr. Kelly
and where are his sons?
Mr. Kelly is Sarah's dad.
Named the place
before he had any kids.
And when his kids
were all girls.
he just kept the name.
Well. you must have been
some exceptional cousin
for her to give you this.
[Karl]
My mom's cousin. actually.
Oh. shit. New grandma.
A grandma
that died years ago.
Well. what about my grandfather?
Can I meet him?
Not in this lifetime.
But what was he like?
He was a mean drunk.
Is that why
you went to Portland?
How old were you?
I was about 20.
21. I guess.
So. let me
get this straight.
Your dead mom's cousin
just. like.
gave you this place?
You know.
you ask a lot of questions.
Oh. and Gayle.
what is up with her?
That wasn'’t a request
for more.
I think it's really weird
that you. like.
-don't date at all.
-[Karl sighs]
What's up with that?
Let me ask you something.
You've been here.
what. four days?
Your parents okay
with you missing school?
I'm on break.
You can call and ask.
Yeah.
That's what made you decide
now is the time
to take this trip?
Nothing you'd rather
keep to yourself?
I'm going to
make you a deal.
You hold off
on asking me questions
I'm not comfortable
answering just yet.
and I'll do the same.
okay?
-Cool.
It's cool you know
how these things work.
My parents
are completely useless.
They can't even
program a smart TV.
They went to college. right?
Got good jobs?
They're a product
of their social class.
There's nothing noble
about being ignorant.
Not knowing shit about shit
is nothing to celebrate.
Got me?
[Reggie]
So. who do we have here?
[tense music plays]
Spotted your new guest
last Sunday.
You gonna introduce us?
Alex.
this is Sheriff Stratford.
Hi.
[Karl] May I help you
with something?
Just wanted to stop by.
catch up.
You see me
every week at church.
[Reggie] I do.
Saw you in church
a few years back as well.
You know
how that worked out.
Well.
All right.
Brandon says hi.
by the way.
[door clicks open]
[Sarah] I saw Gayle
at school today.
She asked about you.
Is that a corner piece?
-Yes.
-Okay.
Oh. yes.
Look at that.
[mellow piano melody plays]
What are you doing?
Did you do that?
Yeah.
♪
[Alex] Judith thinks it's.
like. a massive waste of time.
[Karl] No. you'’re good.
Hm. not really.
Better than I ever was.
Hey. this is my mom. right?
Your mom...
discovered me.
-What?
-[Karl] Yeah.
-My mom?
-Yeah.
I went to Portland
to be an artist.
Liked the idea of being
around bookstores and museums.
And anyways. I was bussing
at a café down on Alberta.
The owner must have felt
sorry for me. I think.
because he put
one of my pictures on the wall.
"Featured Local Artist"
with this stupid
$200 price tag.
[Karl scoffs]
Your mom
came in sometimes.
She used to like to write
in her notebook.
One day.
I was clearing her table.
and she said
that she liked it.
and I said
that I drew it.
And. uh...
she was almost giddy.
She knew a lot of people
in a lot of different places
and said she'd help me
organize a show.
She was the only one
to give a damn.
So that's how it started...
with you two?
Before I met her. she said
she had been a party girl.
And then she married
this big shot lawyer
and became
something different.
They were trying
to have a baby.
and it wasn't working.
So I think
she saw my drawings
and figured
it'd be something to do.
[Alex] So. what happened?
Did she put on
your art show?
-My mom?
-[Karl] No.
No. we--
we had some postcards
printed up.
and that's about it.
[Alex] How come?
How come?
Because...
I wasn't always
such a good guy and...
your mom found that out.
[Alex] I saw the letter
that you wrote her.
Having an affair isn't.
like. awesome. but. uh--
You got me out of it. right?
Yeah. I guess we did.
Was there something else
that was. like...
bad about you?
I have an early morning.
Uh. can I keep that?
Yeah.
♪
[Alex] Hey. hey. hey.
-Good morning.
-Morning.
So. uh. where's Karl?
Meeting.
So. it'’s a "I accept
Jesus as my savior
so I won't get bombed"
type thing?
Not to. like.
offend Jesus or anything.
No. Jesus has heard worse.
Do you really think
he believes in it?
Because
you act like he does
and he acts
like he does. but...
Kind of seems like
he just wants to believe it.
I'm truly glad
you're here.
I think
it's good for him.
And I don't care
what you think of my faith...
but maybe you want to think
that Karl doesn't really
believe either.
and that's something
the two of you could share.
But those beliefs
saved him.
Well. I'm not
the only one who thinks that.
Sheriff called
him out on it. too.
You met the sheriff?
Did Karl. like. steal
his prom date or something?
No.
I'll be back tonight.
Please tell Karl
that dinner is at 7:00.
[melancholy piano instrumental]
Okay.
Hi.
-Can I help you?
-What's your problem with Karl?
-You're his kid. right?
-[Alex] Mm.
You should be a detective.
[Reggie chuckles]
I hate uncomfortable silences.
I'm fine with them.
-Your mom know you're here?
-Of course.
Have a seat.
[Alex] So what's your issue?
We used to bust your old man
pretty routinely.
Drunk and disorderly.
Disturbing the peace.
that sort of thing.
Last time
he fell off the wagon.
he put his fist
through a storefront window.
Were you. like. emotionally
invested in that window?
About a dozen years ago...
your dad got loaded.
Beat the crap
out of a 19-year-old
varsity linebacker named
Brandon in a bar fight.
Kid lost his hearing
in his left ear.
Arm was in a cast
for weeks.
Supposed to go to the army.
They wouldn't take him.
You're weirdly concerned
with the well-being of your
residents.
Especially
when they're my son.
After that.
Karl got put away.
He had some priors.
served five.
Well. he goes
to meetings now.
I've seen
all kinds of drunks.
Kind that are good
for a laugh.
tell you how much
they love you.
But Karl Hendrix
gets violent.
He is a drunk.
dangerous criminal.
And a drunk.
dangerous criminal
doesn't really change because
he goes to an AA meeting.
Or says he found God
or what have you.
I know it's not an excuse
or anything.
but he had
a really hard life.
His dad sounds
like a total asshole.
Yeah. I know Beau Hendrix.
-You knew him?
-No. I know him.
Well. he's dead. right?
He lives two towns over
in Bryantville.
Karl told you he was dead?
Do you have the address?
[suspenseful music plays]
[thunder cracking]
[knocking on door]
[thunder rolling]
Who are you?
I'm Alex.
Your granddaughter.
[Beau snickering]
Maybe-- maybe
this is a bad time.
[Beau] No.
It'’s a fine time.
Let's sit on my porch.
Granddaughter Alex.
[somber tone plays]
So.
I haven't seen Karl
in going on. what?
Ten years?
Didn't know about you.
I'm kind of like
a-- a long story.
Well. I got time.
Hey. Reg.
Look who's here.
Have you seen Alex?
Sarah mentioned you talked
and she hasn't been home.
-So--
-You all right there?
Tried her
on her cell phone?
I don'’t have the number.
[scoffs] Father of the year.
[Karl] Please.
I just need to know
where she went. that's all.
I'm not certain
where she went.
I can tell you
there's a lot she doesn't know.
Thought her grandfather
was dead. for one thing.
[suspenseful music plays]
So it. like. turns out
that we sort of have the same.
like. drawing style.
Like. I don't know
if-- if I really believe
in the nature
over nurture argument.
but I really do think that.
like. there might be.
like. some sort of compelling
argument for the fact that.
like. genes affect
artistic stylings. you know?
You know. um...
Karl and Sarah are probably
wondering where I am.
Who Sarah?
Karl'’s cousin. Sarah Kelly.
His mom's cousin.
Sarah Kelly?
-The church lady?
-Yeah.
Uh. he runs her shop
and he's actually. like.
a really good mechanic.
[Beau chuckling]
How about that?
Oh. he'’s-- he's here.
Alex.
Karl.
Come here.
[Beau groans]
So.
Where you been
hiding yourself?
Keep busy.
[Beau chuckles]
This is great.
Sit down. have a beer.
No. we can't stay long.
What are you talking about?
You just got here.
Sit down. have a beer.
[Beau grunts]
Alex here was telling me
you two draw alike.
More artists!
That's what we need.
Did he tell you I worked
40 years at the plant?
Got to know your place. right?
You're not thirsty?
No. I'm all right.
Oh.
Oh. I get it.
You and the bottle.
It never led anywhere good.
You know what.
it's getting late--
Maybe if you would have
sobered up sooner
or you wouldn't have put
that kid in the hospital.
I mean. of all the asses
in the world you gotta kick...
that's the one you choose?
-We should get going.
-Why that kid. Karl?
I really want to know.
[Karl] I didn't like the way
he was touching
that girl at the bar. Dad.
I told you that already.
[Beau] Well. that's an answer.
-That's a fucking--
-You're an asshole.
-What was that. honey?
-Alex. stop--
No. you're a bully
and you don't like your son
because he's better than you.
Who the fuck
do you think you are?
Huh? Huh? What you got? Huh?
[Alex] Stop!
Visit's over.
Get out of here.
-I'm so sorry.
-The hell were you thinking?
You-- you told me he was dead.
It ever occur to you
I had a reason?
Shit. Fuck. I'm sorry.
I-- I suck. I suck. I suck.
Get in the car.
-Get in the car.
-You can yell at me some more.
You're going home tomorrow.
[footsteps approaching]
Hi.
Dinner will be ready in five...
minutes.
[melancholic
piano instrumental]
[Arthur] You stalker.
So. shockingly.
I have fucked everything up.
Well. at least you and your dad
were getting along well.
[Alex scoffs]
Yeah.
if by getting along well
you mean
yelling at me a lot.
Which I guess is. like.
par for the course
of parents. right?
He was probably scared
something had happened to you.
He screamed
because he gives a shit.
So how long
have you known you were gay?
Okay. you're from a major
metropolitan city.
so you've seen probably
every weird form
of pansexuality out there.
I mean. you have
probably fucked girls.
Oh. yeah.
My life is just a big orgy.
Yeah. I'm sure it is.
-You didn't answer my question.
-You didn't answer mine.
Have you hooked up
with a girl?
Have you?
I'm a godless fag. remember?
[Alex] Really?
-Alex--
-It's okay.
Okay. I gotta go. [chuckles]
Okay.
[quiet. subtle piano
instrumental]
You disappeared again.
Are you kidding me?
Apparently not.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Where the hell did you go?
-I was with Arthur.
-The gay kid?
-Pretty sure he's not gay.
-How the hell do you know that?
-How is that your business?
-You know. as long as
you're in this house.
you do exactly--
Oh. until tomorrow?
Go to your room.
-Go to your room.
-Oh. go to my room?
That's so original. "Dad."
[door shuts close]
[sniffs and sighs]
[chuckles]
[sighs]
[Karl sighs]
[classical music playing
on record player]
She shouldn't be here.
You should have sent her away.
Excuse me?
I lost control today.
I saw him
and I lost control.
If she knew who I am...
-who I really am.
-Nobody is one thing. Karl.
You most of all.
Besides.
I know who you are.
Listen...
these are just challenges.
You will get past them.
-That's all part of His plan.
-[Karl sighs]
Every bad thing
is part of some test?
Are you sure you just
don't want to believe that?
I believe it
because I believe it.
That's what faith is.
Now come on.
You know what to do.
[sighs]
[knocking on door]
Sarah's making
breakfast downstairs.
Okay.
I'm sorry I yelled at you.
I was worried.
I shouldn't have
said that. uh...
I shouldn't have made you think
your grandfather was dead.
So...
yeah.
And you don't
have to. um...
I don't want you to leave.
I should get your number.
probably.
-Okay.
So. what. were you out
with that Arthur kid?
-Yeah.
Yeah. okay. All right.
Do you have
any questions about sex
-you want to ask me?
-[giggles]
What?
-From you?
-Yeah.
Ew. [chuckles]
[Karl] And no more
of this "I suck" shit.
You don't.
You don't because I said so.
[soft instrumental playing]
-So how's your mom?
-[Alex chuckles]
Are we allowed
to have this conversation?
It might
compromise your mystery.
Serves me right.
So I made out
with my teacher.
Okay.
You gonna get all weird?
No.
Yeah. it was
impulsive and dumb.
[sighs] And of course.
Carey and Judith
walked in on us.
which is even more mortifying
than describing it
to you right now. [sighs]
-Well. I didn't ask you.
-Well. I'm trying to explain.
Anyways. they're.
like. super pissed.
But they didn't even.
like. ask me why.
They were just like.
"Oh. yeah.
there goes our idiot daughter
being a jackass again."
They didn't respect me enough
to want to know why.
-So they're not perfect.
-It's an understatement.
[sighs] Better than some.
[Sarah] Alex. Karl! Dinner!
[both] Coming!
[phone buzzing]
Alex. are you okay?
Yeah.
What's up?
Your dad's asleep.
What's going on?
Mom. um.
were you ever in a band?
-What? [chuckles]
-[Alex] Okay.
I know this isn't. like.
the most opportune time to ask.
but did you ever. like.
play in a rock band?
Well. before you were born.
I did lots of things.
[Alex] You never told me.
You didn't ask.
I totally asked.
We were called
My Friend's Band.
-[Alex] [chuckles] Seriously?
-Yeah.
And my friend. Marco.
he was the lead singer.
he said that the hot chick
had to play the bass. so.
-Wait. you were the hot chick?
-[Judith] Hey.
You try squeezing out
three kids.
See how you look.
[Alex] I forgot to tell you.
I'm pregnant.
[Alex and Judith chuckling]
Obviously. I'm kidding.
[Alex chuckling]
I mean. not the best joke.
you know?
Mom. are you there?
Hey. Alex.
Yeah?
How's school going?
Good.
It's going good.
How's your roommate.
what was her name again?
The one that has
night terrors?
Night terrors?
Oh. uh. right. um. Natalka.
I think she's. like.
Ukrainian or something.
[whispering] Speaking of which.
she's sleeping right now.
so I have to go.
[phone ringing]
Hello?
Oh. Mrs. Fixel.
What can I do for you?
[phone buzzing]
-Hi. Dad.
-Are you all right?
-Where are you?
-Dad. stop yelling.
-I'm fine.
-The hell you're fine.
Where are you. Alex?
Alex. please.
Please. just-- where are you?
-Tell us where you are.
-[Alex] I'm fine.
-I'm with a friend.
-She said she's with a friend.
She doesn't have
any fucking friends. hold on.
Can you tell dad
not to have an aneurysm?
[Corey] Hey.
How long did you think that
you were going to keep this up?
Hm?
What exactly is your plan here?
Do you think about
anybody but yourself?
Do you imagine any
consequences of your actions?
Because
you are in so much trouble--
Let's order some food.
Come on.
[emotional
instrumental playing]
[Alex sniffles]
Son of a bitch.
Yes. this is Sheriff
Reggie Stratford
calling from
Newburgh in Washington.
The phone call
seemed to spook you.
What happened?
I may have to go back soon.
It's home stuff.
The Sheriff
said some things.
I'm not proud of
what happened with Brandon.
But he was bothering
a girl that night. and...
it was two drunk hotheads
fighting and I won.
But there's other things
that happened--
[Alex]
Maybe I don't need to know.
I thought I did.
but maybe I don't want to know
because I like you now.
[delivery guy]
Hey. Karl. Got the food.
-Two burgers.
-Yes. sir.
Burgers? Are you serious?
Ew.
[delivery guy] Who is this?
That's my daughter. Alex.
[muffled shouting]
[Alex shouting]
I regret nothing!
You could have
at least tried it.
No. Are you kidding me?
My friend Nancy didn't eat meat
for five years...
-And?
-...and she had
a chicken cutlet of sandwich
and she vomited
all over herself.
Alex hasn't been
entirely honest with us.
You're looking
at possible kidnapping.
and you're crossing
state lines--
[Alex]
Shit. shit. shit. shit. Fuck--
Please. Alex. language.
-God damn it. fuck!
-[Sarah] Alex. enough!
You called them?
Why would you call them?
-It's my job?
-[Alex] Shit. shit. shit.
Listen. I lied to everyone.
Karl had no idea I snuck away.
It's my fault. okay?
I'm a fucking idiot.
I'm a fucking--
-It's not-- you're not--
-Hey. hey. hey.
Hey.
I'm going to be okay.
Okay?
Everything's going to be fine.
Sheriff Stratford.
I know
you don't owe me anything...
but could you
give us a minute?
And then
you could take her away.
You can arrest me.
I don't care.
Just give us one minute.
Please.
Sarah.
got another cup of coffee?
One last cup.
Sit down. okay? Please?
It's-- [Karl sighs]
I haven't seen your mom
in a long time.
You don't have to
say anything.
-it's fine.
-But the thing of it is--
I told you before.
I was maybe 21
when I met your mom.
I'd been in the city
a few months.
And I had no money.
I didn't have
any real friends and...
I was-- I was drinking a lot.
And even though she was older
and she was married--
Yeah. you hooked up anyway.
Hold on.
We went on walks.
mostly talking about
the art show
she was going
to put on and-- [sighs]
I didn't know
if it was real...
but I was grateful
that it might be.
And one night
when I got off work...
she was really upset.
Some fight
with her husband.
some problem
with another doctor.
So we went to a bar
for a drink.
And that drink
turned into a couple of drinks.
And then
a couple of more drinks.
And...
we talked about everything.
And it felt so good
to be around her.
I didn't notice
how many drinks we'd had.
And. um...
after a while...
I got up
to use the bathroom.
and she said
she'd better use it. too.
And I think
I took that as a signal.
Because we went
back there and. um...
she smiled at me.
And...
That's how it started.
-[Alex chuckling]
-[Karl sighs]
[knocking on door]
-[Sarah] Hi. you must be
Judith.
[Carey] Where is she? Alex?
-Are you okay?
-Yeah. I'm fine. I'm fine.
Calm down.
[Karl] Hi.
Uh. hello.
How are you?
Sheriff Stratford.
We done here?
Yeah. you're done.
Okay. Come on.
We're leaving.
-Come on.
-Dude. Carey. stop.
-[Alex] Let go.
-Carey?
Could we just have
a minute. please?
No. you had a week.
-You don't get shit.
-You're such a hypocrite.
You-- you act all open minded.
and you're judging him
because he goes to church
and he works with his hands.
Alex. you have nothing
to say to this man.
This man
should be locked up.
[Sarah] All right.
this is my house
and you will not
speak to Karl--
-[indistinct shouting]
-Affair?
[Carey laughing hysterically]
-It wasn't a fucking affair.
-[Judith] Carey.
[Carey sighs]
There was no affair.
Tell her.
Tell me what?
♪
So we used to go
for these walks.
-Yeah.
-And-- and--
We-- we went
into a bar one night.
and I was really drunk.
And then we--
we went into the bathroom.
Look at me.
And we started kissing.
And we were alone.
No one else was there.
But when I told him to stop...
he didn't.
Can I just--
ca-- can I just--
No. you can't.
Hey. hey!
-Stop it
-Okay.
It's time for you to go.
Right now.
[Judith whispering] It's okay.
it's okay. it's okay.
It's okay.
She's a good girl.
Good artist.
Good artist?
I've wanted to say sorry
for such a long time. I--
Well. now you've said it.
[melancholy music playing]
[Sarah] [muffled] Alex. Alex.
Alex. Please.
Give it some time. See if...
A little time. Please.
♪
Where are the twins?
[Carey] With their grandmother.
7:00 am tomorrow
we are out the door.
♪
[phone buzzing]
Are you seriously
calling me right now?
Don't hang up.
It all happened wrong.
She's the only thing that felt
like any kind of home to me.
In the way she looked at me.
in the way she talked to me.
I thought
she wanted those things. too.
And then I was--
I was so humiliated
and angry and drunk.
It's like
I stepped out of myself.
You're the victim in this?
You really want me to feel
sorry for you?
No. No. no.
No. I just--
I just wanted to tell you--
You know what else sucks?
I think back on everything
you ever said to me.
like. all this. "I don't like
who I used to be" bullshit.
And I feel so stupid.
I just wanted to tell you
that that wasn't me.
-I don't remember.
-But it is you. You did it.
Now I know why my mom
can't look at me.
Because when she looks at me.
all she sees is you
and now that's all
I'm going to see.
-Don't ever call me again.
-Alex.
[rain pattering]
[thunder rumbling]
Where's Dad?
He needed a walk.
[Judith sighs deeply]
I'm sorry
that happened to you.
It was a long time ago.
-Yeah. but it still happened.
-Yeah.
Mom.
Do you think I'm. like...
dirty?
No.
No. honey. of course not.
N-- No.
Why didn't you get rid of me?
[Judith sighs deeply]
Your father. um...
both of us.
we were trying to have a baby.
and we had trouble.
and then...
This happened.
-So.
-But you thought about it?
Yeah.
Yeah. I'm not easy
like the twins. am I?
Just every time
you look at me...
you see him.
It was 17 years ago. Alex.
Yeah. for you.
For me. it was...
-45 minutes ago.
-[Judith] Okay.
I don't think you're dirty.
And I love you very much.
but I can't do this
right now. okay?
-So please go to sleep.
-Okay.
But do you want
to talk about it?
Because you kept his letter.
-No.
-I think that's important--
-I just want to go to sleep.
-Mom. like. I-- I'm not
looking for a chance to.
like. plumb new depths
of awkwardness. okay?
I-- I-- I really--
I don't want
to talk about it.
Have you talked
to a shrink?
-[Judith scoffs]
-I think you should talk
to a mental health
professional.
That's not how I work.
Okay. but. uh.
now that I know about it.
I-- I can't pretend
like it didn't happen.
Alexandra. nobody told you
to go looking for him.
[determined music playing]
Karl.
come back in the house.
[Karl]
Just going for a little ride.
No. Karl.
you have been drinking.
I can smell it on you.
You need to go to a meeting.
You know I'm right.
Karl.
don't get in that car.
You know that
if you do this.
there's nothing but trouble.
Karl. listen to me!
-Karl.
-I'm fine.
I got Jesus watching over me.
[Sarah whispers] Karl.
[car beeps]
Hi. go--
go to the other window.
The other window.
My parents
found out everything.
and now they're here.
and we leave in a few hours.
Oh.
[Arthur grunts in disagreement]
I-- I was just asleep.
Shouldn't I go brush my teeth?
I mean-- I mean.
if it's not bad--
-Okay.
-Do you have a condom?
Uh. I-- I think so.
I think I have a pack
in my nightstand.
but maybe they're expired.
which isn't very safe.
so maybe we should-- Oh.
-Okay. whoa. whoa.
-What?
Hey. I just--
[Alex moaning]
Hey. hey. hey. We don-- You--
Are sure you want to?
Because we don't know
each other too well and--
Can I please just do this?
It's natural. biological.
It doesn't make that everyone.
like. freak out.
-[Arthur grunts]
-Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
-I think you're freaking out.
-No. I want to do this.
You ladies--
Do you want to have
sex with me or not?
Yes. I--
Yeah. I mean...
I-- I think so.
[somber music playing]
[Alex sobs]
[Alex sniffles]
[Alex sobbing]
-[Alex sniffles]
-What happened tonight?
[Carey] It just comes
rushing back. you know?
The thousands of times
that I see myself
with my hands just
wrapped around his neck.
And yet I am a grown
and rational adult.
so not killing him
is what separates us
from the beasts.
We should have
fucking pressed charges.
We had the case.
we had the moral obligation
to do it and we didn't do it.
What are you talking about?
We've had an obligation to--
Look. there are lines
that men do not cross.
Now you're going to
talk to me about men?
I'm-- I'm just trying
to put this thing to bed.
No. what it feels to me like
is that you are determined
to make this about you
and your justice.
But I am not gonna
let you make my life
be about this one thing.
No. I-- I never said
it-- it was about--
Okay. you know what?
Let's say you're right. okay?
And I had gone
and upended my life...
and traded our privacy
for... your ego
and put your
little monster in jail.
Does that satisfy
Carey's justice?
So what. are we supposed to
keep sweeping it under the rug
and pretending
like it just never happened?
[Judith sighs] So...
Except that you don't
actually sweep it all the way
because apparently
you kept his fucking letter.
Which is why
we're here in a motel.
[Carey sighs] Jesus Christ.
Don't you hate him?
You're such a sweet man.
You never even asked
what the hell
I was doing there.
Well. it's a good question.
What the hell
were you doing there?
[Judith sighs]
There just was so many
doctors appointments.
You know. and it was---
It was hard to feel
like we weren't...
failing each other sometimes.
[sighs]
And then when I was with him.
I just--
I-- I just felt...
lighter.
Well...
you were with him tonight.
do you still feel
fucking lighter?
How I feel about Karl Hendrix.
that's my business.
It's not yours.
[contemplative music playing]
[engine revving]
He thought
she was this cool arty chick
and he was this. like...
interesting. offbeat guy.
And they met and connected.
And that was me.
It felt like
I came from something good.
Well.
obviously you're. like...
done. right?
Probably
won't be back here.
Yeah.
but we'll see you again.
You should come to Portland.
I'll find you boys.
Maybe I don't want you to.
[emotional
piano music playing]
Yeah. maybe.
♪
[panting]
Oh.
I'd hoped he was with you.
♪
[grunting]
[items in box clattering]
[panting]
[thunder rumbling]
Hey.
Came to have that drink.
What the hell
are you doing?
I want to have a drink
with my dad.
Go home.
You like my bonfire?
Put it out.
You put it out.
-[Beau] Watch yourself.
-Come here.
[Karl grunts]
-[Beau] I know my place. I--
-Do you? Hm? Huh?
-[indistinct chatter]
-[siren blares]
-[Beau grunting]
-[Reggie] Karl! Stop.
[Beau coughing
and snorting]
Sarah's worried about you.
Let me drive you to your house.
That's not my house.
That's her house.
[Beau] Reggie.
get him off my property.
-[Beau grunts]
-Karl!
Stop or I will stop you.
[Beau panting]
[Carey] Bullshit.
[Judith]
What are you doing?
I don't care
why you were there.
I'm here now.
I'm going to go apologize
to Alex for lying to her
and then I'm going to
remind her
that no matter what the fuck
the biology says.
I raised her.
Then my daughter
and I are going to have
a fucking conversation.
[door creaks]
-[door creaks open]
-Judith.
The car's gone.
[piano music playing]
[phone buzzing]
-Hi. Mom.
-You get home right now.
Do you hear me?
Alex. I'm sorry. okay?
I'm sorry that
I didn't tell you the truth.
[Judith crying over phone]
I'm sorry.
[crying]
You're not dirty.
You're not bad.
We could talk about--
we could talk about it until--
until I'm blue in the face.
But I need you
to come home now. okay?
[crying]
You all right?
[Alex over phone] Yeah. um.
I'm sorry I bailed again.
Uh. there's just something
I have to do.
and I'll be back soon.
[emotional
piano music playing]
You know about
the Puritans. Reg?
They believe
you're either damned
or you're saved
the minute you're born.
so they go through
their entire lives being good
just to prove
that they're saved.
Pressure got so bad.
one woman drowned her kids
just to prove
that she was damned.
Couldn't take not knowing.
I know. Reg.
[Beau] Sorry.
Karl. I'm sorry.
I know
what kind of father he was.
But you got to
leave him be now. all right?
Come on.
you waited for this.
I was the one
that beat up your damn kid.
that ruined his life.
Maybe I overlooked
his shortcomings.
-Can't help you--
-Damn it!
-[Karl grunting]
-[Reggie] Just calm down.
That's it.
Final warning.
♪
Come on.
Come on. Reg.
Go ahead.
-What do you got?
-I mean it.
Come on!
[muffled] Come on!
Stop. Stop me!
-[Reggie] Stand down. Karl!
-I said stop me!
-[Reggie] I mean it!
-Don't!
[Karl sighs]
[calm. quiet music playing]
-[birds chirping]
-[crows cawing]
Hey.
All right.
how about letting me drive?
[Alex and Carey chuckle]
[car door clicks open]
-[car door clicks shut]
-Go ahead.
[sniffles]
Our flight leaves soon.
[Sarah] Yes.
You know...
I never married.
And I didn't have children.
And when he got out.
I thought. "Oh. well...
there's somebody
who needs help."
But we're barely...
I mean.
he's not even my--
Neither is Carey.
He's still my dad.
And maybe it's a test.
Maybe it's God's test.
You don't believe in that.
You don't care
what I believe.
All that matters
is whether you do.
Right.
[sniffles] Well.
-no more cutting school. okay?
-Yes. ma'am.
Come here.
-Bye.
[upbeat music playing]
[Alex] "Hey. Arthur.
Sorry it's taken me
so long to write.
I wish I could say
I had a good excuse.
Because I was off having
pansexual underground orgies
or going to only
the hottest club openings.
but sadly..."
-Well. look who's here.
-Yeah. I'm finally back.
[Alex] "...I think I'm still
trying to process stuff."
Thank you [indistinct].
[Alex] "At least
that's what the shrink
my parents
are making me see says..."
Alex? Hi.
Come on back.
[Alex] "...keeps me out
of boarding school."
How are you?
-Good.
[Alex] "Which is great
because I love my school..."
Next up. The Age of Innocence
by Edith Wharton.
[Alex] "...so much."
[classmate scoffs]
Jailbait.
[Mrs. Rumble] So. who got
through the first chapter?
Okay. I do not snore!
[overlapping chatter]
You're just telling me
that I snore now?
No. no. no. no.
-it's a little tiny noise.
-Okay.
[Alex] "My parents
are also seeing a therapist.
This is good because they are
basically
the reason
therapy was invented."
I mean. you can always
just sleep on the couch.
-Okay.
-[Alex] Problem solved.
"As for how I'm doing.
I'm okay.
Everything feels different.
but everything also
sort of feels exactly the same.
When I first got back.
I sort of thought
my room would be
a different color or something."
Circumcised. uncircumcised.
very different things.
[Alex] "I thought
I should cut my hair
or pierce my nose or get some
dumb Chinese character tattoo
that means strength
or something.
Just to be like. 'Hello. world.
I'm different now.'
And then I thought. 'Wow.
How boldly cliché.'
In general.
I'm trying to suck less."
♪
"I haven't talked to Karl.
Right now.
I'm smoking a cigarette.
poorly.
just for you.
Come visit.
If anyone asks
how we knew each other.
I guess I can just lie.
I mean.
better get used to that. right?
Love. Alex."
[coughing]
Hey.
Dad. Can you knock?
It's him.
I'll be right outside.
Hello?
[Karl] Hey there.
I figured it'd be better
to be direct with your folks.
-Mm-hmm.
-[Karl] How are you?
-Okay.
-[Karl] Are you back at school?
Yeah.
[Karl]
Parents all right?
-Mm-hmm.
-[Karl] Good.
Good.
Sorry it took so long
to call you. it's. uh.
spent a couple more months
back in. uh...
Reggie told them
to take it easy on me.
if you can believe that.
Okay.
We had a good time here
tonight.
Gayle from Sarah's work
came by and..
I just-- I just slipped out
to call you.
Sounds like
we're being rude.
I needed
to tell you something.
[Alex] Um...
okay.
That last night
you were here...
when I was. uh.
I was drunk out of my mind...
I was talking to Reggie
about Puritans.
And how hard
it was for them
not knowing
if they were damned.
Well. the worst part
isn't not knowing.
The worst part is knowing.
That's how it was
until. uh...
Until what?
...'til you showed up.
My mouth
is full of toothpaste.
I know you have to go.
but. uh. we were--
I was. uh.
I was thinking...
that maybe
when the weather warms up and--
and. you know. if it's okay
with your parents. that...
well...
maybe you could visit
some time.
No.
I mean. maybe.
I don't know.
[Karl] Alex?
Alex?
I'm here.
Okay.
Well. um...
I'll let you go.
[somber.
contemplative music playing]
♪